Hi, guys, in this lesson, we will test our API at points with postmen.
Actually, we have completed our server side project.
Now we will test application at points one by one.
First of all, we will start our application from the main class.
Then we will open horstmann if it is not yet done.
Firstly, we can test, sign up and sign in and points for HTTP request debugging.
Faustman is a really great tool.
We can set methods easily, we can set authorisation easily.
We can create custom headers easily, we can set request by the easily, etc. We can create two different
users for different roles because we will have two basic roles.
These are user and admin.
After sign in operation, we will have a JWT token.
And these Tolkan will be used by other requests.
Now we can test internal API and point, actually, we will have a single answer point for internal
API that is made at any point.
We will send that port request with user name and authorization.
Valid authorization video can be found from under the application properties.
Now our test users are ready, we have two different users, one of them is users and another one is
Esmie.
Now we can test the book and points for book and points save and the lead operations can only be performed
by admins.
So if they called them with the user role, they won't be triggered.
We will get forbidden error.
We should send the form data in JSON format.
We can create random content and we can write something in here because our purpose is to test the endpoints.
Getting all Worx and Point is accessible by everyone, so we don't need to send an authorization header
for it.
Now we can test purchase history and points our first and point beilby save purchase history, we will
Santore post request and the API part will be API purchase history.
Then we will stand firm data as Jason content, we can find the user I.D. and book ideas from premise
and points because we have created books and users.
Then we will test the getting all purchases of the user and point this will be I get test here, the
result will be changed according to the authorized user.
OK, are all and points are working like we want, finally, we can create a read me file and we can
not example and points on these red MiFi because if we need end points later, we can find them easily.
Also, Posman provides code snippets for requests so we can find the example requests from Horstmann
easily.
Then we will create and point examples one by one.
The Read Me files supports code blocks and different header sites.
We can easily customize that.
We can use different court styles on post none.
But for us the HTTP request will be the best option for us.
That's all.
Thank you.